Introduce Failure type for scheduler replies (#465)
google/wasefire: crates/scheduler/CHANGELOG.md

### Minor

> - Add `Failure` type

Reviewer: This is not a minor change. This is purely an implementation detail, so a patch change. And the change should be something along the lines of "Simplify try-blocks for API call replies with a common `Failure` type".

Author: Moved to patch, but kept the description the same as I plan to do the other parts in following PRs. Please let me know if you would like me to do all of the steps in a single PR.

Reviewer: Yes, I think it should all be in a single PR, since the changes independently don't make sense.

Author: Hey @ia0, I changed `Scheduler::reply()` to take the new `Result<_, Failure>` type as an argument and fixed all the compiler errors.

### Patch

> - Add `Failure` type and change `Scheduler::reply()` to use it as a parameter.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Add `Failure` type to simplify try-blocks for `Scheduler::reply()` arguments
```
